#khd1
This directory contains the files for analysising khd1 CRAC data. 
Input fastq files for nf_CRACpipeline:
* SRR847751.fastq
* SRR927138.fastq

Output files from nf_CRACpipeline are in the folder:
* khd1_SRR847751
* khd1_SRR927138

In each of the folder, they contains:
##aligned_bamqc
Bamqc files run on each sample

##aligned_bamsorted
Sorted bam read files and their respective index file

##aligned_sam
Aligned sam files output by novoalign

##bedgraph_files
bedgraph files (minus and plus strand) generated from gtf files output by pyReadcounter.py 

##bedgraph_genomecov
bedgraph files (minus and plus strand) generated from sorted indexed bam files using bedtools genomecov

##collapsed
Fasta files containing demulitplexed and deduplicated reads

##demultiplexed
fastq files of demultiplexed and trimmed reads

##demultiplexed_fastqc
FastQC analysis result on demultiplexed and deduplicated reads.

##flexbar_trimmed
Fastq files of trimmed reads. 

##MEME
MEME analysis result of CRAC read dataset

##multicov_analyses
File containing the number of reads overlapped with annotated transcripts. Generated by multiBamCov 

##pyCalculateFDRs_analyses
Gtf file showing the false discovery rate (FDR) of each peaks on protein-coding genes. Generated by pyCalculateFDR.py

##pyPileup_analyses
Files containing deletion and substitution data for each base of the selected Khd1 target transcripts.

##pyReadCounters_analyses
Analysis result by pyReadCounters.py demonstrating the number of CRAC reads that were overlapped to the genomic features of target organisms. Statistics and log of the analysis are in this folder as well. 

##pyReadCountersBlocksNoMuts_analyses
Same analysis by pyReadCounters.py but no mutations were reported.

sgr files from GEO: 
* GSM1137758_Hek2_1_minus.sgr
* GSM1137758_Hek2_1_plus.sgr

rmarkdown script (This folder contained rmarkdown scripts written for Khd1_SRR847751 dataset):
* peakanalysis_khd1.Rmd 
  This script searches for motifs associated with Khd1-bound RNA from the CRAC datasets
* pileup_Khd1_closeup.Rmd 
  This script generates plot for the pileup analysis result of Khd1 CRAC datasets
* pileup_Khd1_targetgenes.Rmd
  This script selects a list of potential genes that might be regulated by Khd1 and generate text file that will be use in pileup analysis.
* Bedgraph_Ssd1_Khd1_plots.Rmd
  This script produces genome browser-style figures of Khd1 CRAC profiles from bedgraph data. 
* peakanalysis_crosslinkedsites_khd1.Rmd
  This script extracts sequences near the Khd1 cross-linked peaks (+/-25 bases) and put them into a fasta file.